I've heard a lot of people say that it's
not possible to satirize the
administration anywhere because it it
satirizes itself and I don't know how
that doesn't seem to stop you well you
know I'm commuting from Los Angeles and
I got on the plane tonight commute every
day guy sat down next to me he's in the
electronics business with a button-down
shirt and sharp pencil and he showed me
the financial page and paper and he said
it must be difficult to kid about these
things well you know if I waited for the
times to be good I'm afraid that you
know I wouldn't I wouldn't have a very
urgent call toward my career because I
started going back over it the other day
you know we have here we have the rack
and Roland and and the Vietnamese
Cambodian - layout - yeah we have all
that then prior to that we had Lyndon
Johnson and prior to that and and we had
the overthrow of the government in
Dallas which I heard a man referred to
as the opening shots of World War three
I'm not sure he was far off and then
prior to that of course we had
Eisenhower and and a mild recession and
prior to that we had the loyalty oath
and Senator Joe McCarthy and prior to
that World War two and you get to a
point say was it ever any hit was it
ever good but I take that as a personal
challenge but I must say that it -
things have changed in the approach to
the work exaggeration is no longer
available to me as a weapon because
everything is all too credible and the
old comedian string of course was
exaggeration to the logical extension to
the absurd well the absurd of course is
another prime form and the second thing
is my biggest laughs are generally
direct quotations rather than any a
personal inventions so
you know it did that makes me think of
oh I forget how many years ago I guess
it was in the early Kennedy days when in
the New Republic they published this set
are essentially on seven days in May
this is before seven days and they was
written about how the government was
taken over military coup in the United
States oh it was completely incredible
you know but that isn't and now you read
a rumor that Nixon has asked is it RAND
Corporation to make a study of what
would happen if he canceled the
elections in 1972 and you don't take
that as being something you know unfair
no the people are willing to accept it I
always I just finished the Bertrand
Russell's autobiography he was always a
guest that how people acquiesced to all
this in America he said how could you
get two hundred million people who would
acquiesce so he was kind of happy at all
the rumbles in this generation and I am
too of course
but the question is I think we're in a
race against time and I think that the
question is can we hold the line long
enough until the younger people get
there I'm not sure that we can I have no
assurances I think if we can we're gonna
be alright we're in fact we're gonna be
better than we ever were but oh boy I'm
amazed a little bit at the climate and
I'm certainly not a guy was easily
amazed but by what I have I've seen this
only this year I was surprised a lot of
people are acting viscerally especially
young people because they haven't been
given any information then absolutely no
information for instance people who pick
at the president the United States as if
he is in charge of the government would
be amusing if the stakes weren't so high
yeah that's I mean the day that he drove
to the Pentagon I think he showed a
great candor that's the one he called
college students bums yes but he went to
the Pentagon he made no pretense like
his predecessor and there there is no
doubt I cannot believe I was on the Dick
Cavett show a few weeks ago I said on
Friday I picked up the New York Times I
said this is available to everybody
Sanok is going to be deposed in 72 hours
as a matter of fact it was about 84
and a puppet will arrive at general and
he will invite us in will not access the
Cambodia
it will be presented as a fait accompli
to the president his job is to explain
it to the people and it's a CIA
operation anybody who is now blind to
the CIA and the generals I was quite
amazed at that by the way I did two
hours and I mean that people don't know
or don't want to I did two hours in New
York with Abbie Hoffman on radio I was
and Gerald Lefcourt hmm and left courts
behavior astonished me and I bring this
up because I think we have an audience
of some sophistication attorneys yes he
was one of the attorneys who were held
in contempt originally by Hoffman he was
a judge - remember yeah along with the
original Tiger right yeah and then of
course he represented himself here his
lawyer for the Panthers in New York but
I've never seen anyone behave as he
behaved that night unless that person
were either a Trotskyite 20 years ago or
I think for the CIA today because when
Abby who was pretty funny every time
Abby became rational it was at room
temperature left court urged him on to
excess Barry gray who was conducting the
program at one point said what's gonna
happen Abby's it nothing short of
revolution we're gonna take over and he
said are you gonna have a elected
representatives from different districts
and Abby said well we haven't worked
that out what do you want to know
foreign Barry Gray said well I live in
the block I just like to know the rules
but left court continually said I said
what are the limits of your probation
how much does the judge allow you to
express yourself and he simply said
short of sedition and left courts yeah
but we don't know what that means well
I'm sure that even if Abby doesn't know
it means I'm sure that an attorney who
was wearing a three or $400 suit and
fashionable sideburns certainly knows
the definition of sedition and what will
put Abby back behind bars where he'll be
impotent and mute and that this attorney
then went on to tell me at one point I
said that the
whenever America was genuinely
threatened the young men lined up at
recruiting stations they couldn't handle
a man so many young men his suddenly
young men don't line up therefore we
might look at this particular threat and
analyze it as opposed to condemning
youth which Bob Holt has done and other
professional Patriots and left court
said you're crazy this society is doomed
they wouldn't fight for anything in
America because it's racist and I
reminded him that I thought the cause
was humanity it was not merely racist
and he went on to say to me it can't be
saved and he went on to develop a
resentment we were on the air for two
hours a resentment of the fact that
there might be a solution for the
American people when I pointed out to
him the evidentiary material from the
trial of Clay Shaw that Jim Garrison
held in New Orleans he said that I was
paranoiac about CIA conspiracies and
that all I did was depress people with
my news about the Kennedys and that they
may have died but a lot of people died
in that time period so what now this
lawyer who yond when I presented
evidence grave implications about the
Central Intelligence Agency the FBI and
the Joint Chiefs of Staff having to do
with the president's death not only did
not admonish me for being irresponsible
did not rebut me did not agree with me
but yawned and call me paranoid he said
when Abbie Hoffman talks people March
when you talk they get depressed
well I'm sure that there may be must be
other alternatives to marching or being
depressed another word I'm very
suspicious of that man's motives and I
was shocked I shocked but I found and
that's one of their many experiences but
I was always saying Allen you know a lot
of the young people don't have the facts
and they don't know anything they're
operating viscerally and they don't
really know what's going on I mean they
seem to be very very shocked I was at
the University of Miami recently in it a
kid told me he thought that Clay Shaw
had been persecuted
garrison for political gain garrison has
been elected down there but the largest
pluralities in the history of the city
and the fact that they don't know that
or that they pick at the president and
think that the president orders
intelligence agencies they have no idea
what the intelligence community is in
this country even though it's on their
campuses is there anyone who doesn't
know anything about the CIA this
country's there was so simon-pure I mean
I there in the Panthers there's three of
them I think of the Los Angeles Free
Press that's their that's their style to
embed themselves and change editorial
opinion influence it that is but anyway
to continue I one of the things I found
most interesting when when you were here
last time was just your recounting of
your experiences with the commercial
media and what happened to you here in
San Francisco at the at the stations and
how and also I don't know if you saw the
review in The Chronicle yes sir did and
I did a day after that I get a short
thing on the air where I read that
review in the night who says what I
thought because I I couldn't believe
that he saw the same show that I saw
three of your four shows well I'd like
you to know that that fella there's an
interesting fellow
John Wasserman Philip Elwood of course
the knee examiner was highly in praise
of the show yeah Elbert is on our
station but is he he has a regular show
oh great great
and I been he's been very good to me and
very fair
Wasserman has been in repeatedly he's
been highly subjective but interestingly
enough while he sat with me at the
Enrico's coffee house or a sangria at
various haunts in the old days he would
sit there and tell me that he thinks I'm
marvelous no in other words he did not
allow himself the privilege of
disagreeing with me even about a subject
we were discussing but that's really
leading a kind of a Hearst life a man
should allow himself that as an adult he
sit there and agree with me and nod and
assent and then walk away and write that
I'm insane he never writes about the
show he doesn't write about the quality
of his show because I know what I'm
doing I've been doing it for 17 years
and I think I know how to get a laugh
out of all of it including the tragedy I
have to develop some skills and I am an
artist I've never had that question
however Wasserman now comes to us for
absolution and says he's forced the
right this by his superior herb kane at
the paper and i think this is extremely
naive till he follows such a directive
if it's true and the history tells us
it's true
so does holiday magazine grover sales
article about herb kane if it's true too
I think it's very naive of him to expect
absolution for having accepted such an
instruction because that makes him even
less than my eyes yeah that his job is
worth that much you know it was Adolf
Hitler who said the members of the press
could all be bought he used to say
gleefully but then he used to break in a
laughter and he told William Ellis
sharper he said he said why do you laugh
my Fuhrer if this fact is known to you
and it's ingrained he said because you
have no idea how cheap and that's that's
really is you really can I know though
some of them are under the thumb of a
tyrant for 135 dollars a week they're
ready to do homicide and to miss inform
the American people the hey K you know
he referred to me as head paranoid yeah
I think what I thought and said it at
that time was that I had actually come
to the Year Show with some
preconceptions of having seen you on on
Dick Cavett and Merv Griffin and I you
know I I actually thought that it wasn't
gonna be as good as what you used to do
and I was you know I was I was
completely wrong I thought it was just
as good and and better and than the kind
of thing I shouldn't say then the kind
of thing because he was essentially the
same kind of thing I perform a performer
has to has to grow God knows it which
should be it should get better and if
you're doing anything it shouldn't be
static but you know paranoia had never
entered my mind the fact that you talked
about the Warren Commission report in
the fact that you had the the Warren
Commission report on the stage was
interesting the fact that you didn't use
the black board didn't didn't upset me
or the fact that you were a little bit
late coming on didn't upset me since
I've been to other show
on Broadway the diverse the show starts
when the owner thinks that there's no
more it's I don't set the schedules I
don't know what all that it was simply
irrelevant as far I guess I do know what
it all means I've had you know I've had
personal I've had personal differences
with with cane and we've had personal
differences and he's threatened me with
in this paper while inebriated he's
really a foolish to think that a
newspaper has any influence anymore hey
one thing I did say well said to not to
try and read the mind of Wasserman but I
did say that that he did had a few
unkind things you had a few unkind
things to say about the Chronicle that's
quite so and that that might have
something to do with yes there's a
correlation I think that every where did
you say that thing about herb Kagan is
yeah and that that the only thing
hurricane and I agree on is that we're
both ashamed of his being Jewish and I
think that still stands but you know his
herb kane once said to me that there are
three stages in the level of man he
quoted buckley he's real good liberal
you know they a good liberal in the
sense that he he's extremely tolerant of
buckley likes to have luncheons with
buckley liberals are great you know they
think it's all sport you know the game
is over trial is over and perhaps Bobby
Seale is going to be electrocuted but
we're attorneys why can't we go out and
have a drink
I mean we're objective I don't have to
agree with a guy just because I defend
him I think the wonderful thing about
our system is that these people should
be electrocuted but first we give them a
trial isn't that the way well liberals
so herb herb Kane said them to return
this he said that Buckley had pointed
out to him that there were three levels
in the evolution of man and his
philosophical nature the first was the
narcissism of love of self and the
second was love of your fellow man
idealism and the third would be love of
your country and in my opinion herb Kane
is arrested at the level love of his
fellow man and people can make of that
what they will but it's amazing you know
what's amazing to take it away from him
because he's the more discussing common
is that people would think that that a
guy who writes a column about the fog
bridge is influential that people which
at the clubs would pick up his check I
used to say you know that the herb can I
have something else in common of hungry
I neither one of us ever got a jug and I
thought I'm afraid that's true but you
know for all of that that he would he's
another one you know he he represents a
class in this country he romance John
Kennedy any romance Robert Kennedy and
when they were murdered and you know
assassination is too much of a euphemism
they were murdered
he relegated them to being you know
casualties of World War two he never
mentioned them again and he didn't care
and they left him they certainly left
him no legacy now if they had nothing
that was memorable then I don't know why
he courted them unless he's interested
in power if you're really interested in
power I would go all the way I've never
understood men who go halfway anyway I
would either put my money in a mutual
fund in Geneva in fact I'd move to
Geneva either go to work for the Nixon
administration and make the most of this
chaos antics and profit from the death
of your fellow man or run with the ball
run all the way I don't know about these
guys who go to the 50-yard line and sit
there and our professional spectators
but there's an embittered group of
people in the Bay Area who are growing
old feeding off each other and I must
say to you you know that the more you
maintain your position humorously enough
the more they accuse you of changing
they were always saying to me
gee Mort you've really changed and I
haven't changed at all I still think
what I think a Franklin D Roosevelt and
I think what I think of John F Kennedy I
guess I miss him a little more and I
think I miss the optimism that was
around when he was here and I suppose I
miss hope as a factor in our existence
and I would think that if I were one of
those older people I can I would miss
the fact that my children I want to
speak to me I'd miss my children or I'd
miss them if they were in an early grave
it's quite it's quite remarkable what's
happened here because when I started at
the hungry eye there was a was an
in-group and out-group through the
Eisenhower Republicans in and the rebels
my audience the constituents
were people who were out and who are
Democrats and today that it's
generational it really is that the
rebellion I mean most people you get
over 20 are really locked in their
program to the grave you know what about
here to the play work that would well
you know it's now this is think it would
be mostly over that well you know my of
course my job is not is not to assume
that everybody in the audience agrees
with me because in my role I was you
know in my role I'm often privileged to
see material that they don't see in
other words I see things coming and I
sometimes pay the penalty of saying
things first when people thought that
Eisenhower was inoffensive and I quiet
soul they even were fond them I was
ridiculing him as being inept when they
were on a honeymoon that's an accepted
fact yeah when they were right but to
say it first yeah you endanger yourself
when they were on a honeymoon with
Johnson I began to go after Johnson they
didn't like that now of course the most
extreme example of this is that I know
the names of some of the people who
killed President Kennedy and as a result
to say it first soon everyone will say
it but I promise you that but I said it
first and as a result I was penalized so
am I going on the stage I assume that no
one agrees with me and I'm privileged
for that to i'm penalized partially in
other words nobody quite understands the
wavelength i'm on but on the other hand
they do treat me like a prophet and they
pay me many thousand dollars a week
which frees me a great deal of the time
to do what i want to do now
playboy opened up the festival of stars
and i must say
without giving away any trade secrets
bankrupted themselves for eight days
here unless we to come in here and i i
did because it's gainful employment and
i say what i want to say but you know
one of the alarming thing is is that for
all the people in the audience with
short haircuts and neckties
and probably mix some buttons it's a
challenge of sorts for me to show them
their Idol President Nixon and and
especially his vice president even more
son where's the Train general yeah to
show the right a very good point to to
show them some other signs of these
people which I want you to know I've
done and I'm not good successfully but
there isn't as much of a gulf with the
audience as you would think for instance
when I was up here at the hungry eye I
found that my my people so-called were
fragmented and lost it's as garrison has
pointed out when it comes to admitting
that there's been a military coup in the
United States there are no liberals
there are no open-minded people
garrison once said the wonder of this
country is not that they get overthrew
the government but that five of us could
surround the federal government which we
have done successfully I don't know what
we're gonna do with it but we did it
he and three assistants and myself and
you know I see the call I see I see it
as one cause I don't see it as as
piecemeal the other day in Los Angeles
one of the announcers on an AM station
asked one of Abernathy's people why
there weren't more black faces in the
protest then they said well the war is
your thing is it the white guys the
other thing is our thing I'm sorry he
feels oh it's naive of course I've
always felt the causes humanity and all
of these are interconnected this is all
a network I feel these are all symptoms
happening to the same body and I I don't
believe in a spontaneity especially of
construction workers who does that
students at this late date usually all
they resent is the last wage settlement
but you know when you when you said that
you know the names these the names of
people are you mean names of the
organizations when you mention the CIA's
people and you mentioned these people
already I don't choose to now he has
firm what no I haven't I don't I'm not
free to by the District Attorney's
Office but you know people say will we
ever know the irony is that there are
people who know now
and people in high places and in places
of trust you know the question is what
is a reporter when Lyndon Johnson was on
the other night with Cronkite and they
came on you know see someone has already
subpoenaed the outtakes from that yes
Skolnick yeah and you know Skolnick has
been informed he's been given some
information by a Secret Service agent
who has also been in touch with our
office in New Orleans and it was a very
reputable character we can tell because
he's been thrown out of the Secret
Service and because he's also black but
the point you know the irony is that
look at the press here the program came
on and I'm paraphrasing but I'm very
close to his almost verbatim
they said certain material has been
deleted for purposes of national
security by at the President's request
now we find out in the Washington Post
that Johnson had second thoughts about
saying about letting the people know
that he doesn't believe Oswald acted
alone if he acted at all and that that
that he had misgivings about the Warren
Report now translate that into English
Cronkite represents himself as a
reporter he didn't break that story the
Washington Post it yeah he's in a
reporter at all and he was sent there
because we know as CBS knows that he
will not expose those people he's in bed
with those people it's quite ironic and
there and there's several things that
could not be you know that I can't
explain either I don't know why is
enlightened a man as David schonbrunn it
goes on the air and says gee Nixon is
making the same mistakes Johnson made I
don't know why David schonbrunn doesn't
completely open up and see and he knows
that the Central Intelligence Agency and
that the Pentagon are running the war
and say it because what's he got to lose
the other day in Connecticut mark Lane
of all people said I never said the CIA
killed a president I merely said that
the Warren Report didn't tell who did
well mark Lane has had access to all the
files in New Orleans that I have and he
knows very well what agency is deeply
implicated in the in the press and the
president's death and the question
and I don't I can't believe you know
even with my immense ego that I'm the
only man in America who knows that in
three years of John Kennedy 137 men died
in Vietnam and that now that's a good
week I can't believe that no one else
knows that 14,500 men were in Vietnam
when John Kennedy died that Lyndon
Johnson stood next to his casket at the
Capitol and said to ambassador Lodge
it's a new ball game now and 11 months
later five hundred and fifty thousand
men were in Vietnam I can't believe that
no one else can connect this scenario am
I the only one with these gifts that
cannot be in a country of two hundred
and twelve million people I mean surely
someone must see it now of course you
know Martin Luther King was was wise
when he said the Liberals are saying
we're brutalizing the Vietnamese he said
we're brutalizing our own people by the
act of taking part in this war and just
welcomes clear just daily and the people
are the people are brutalized I can
remember when we when you and I would
have set in we would have said gee if
only the media would predict would show
the pictures of the Napalm children yeah
well of course they did thing one and
the people have accepted it they know
they can explain away my life
they were provoked right this marijuana
oh yeah I forgot that look that's the
latest
they certainly became facile and you
know it's such a shock to see your
country bitten by the same virus that
did the Germans I thought the Germans
were genetically murderers at one time
that's kind of amusing now that I would
think that in fact during the six-day
war it was my opinion and a generally
unpopular one among liberals again that
that the Israelis became militarists
when they were victorious they're making
fun of Abba Eban he became their Adlai
Stevenson and why should die and became
their Dwight Eisenhower at that moment
that virus can a brutality can bite
anybody and it bit America and you know
a direction we're going in we're gonna
make the Germans look like pikers
when you appear on the mass media yeah
what happens no are you well
are you I do have to say what you want
yes yes you either you either don't do a
program although that's kind of academic
it's hard to know when you don't do it
because you know to be present when
people don't hire you is almost you know
how can you be it's like being both the
corpse and the detective it's kind of
hard to solve the crime in that sense in
the times that I have appeared I
appeared this is quite a record last
year the calendar year 69 I was on 31
network talk shows that's a Joey Bishop
right dick Kevin at all that's quite a
record that isn't counting Frost than
the others no one has ever jumped on
anything but they've been some marvelous
asymptomatic reactions around me for
instance
James Earl Jones the black actor said
sit on one program with Cavett I said
the American people need information and
he said maybe there's a danger in
knowing too much too he thought if you
go in that direction you run into
another word you'll find out who did it
and then the burden will be upon you to
write the ship of state is what he meant
he also meant I waited a long time to be
successful and don't tell me the bank is
gonna close now of course that's the
English translation a girl named Gloria
Steinem will profess us to be a worker
for George McGovern but as I understand
it well myself this girl said in New
York Magazine I asked her on the air if
she felt that if she read what she read
she said I only read New York I would
know more regram part she said Ben time
because it has a preconceived bias and I
said do you think ramparts is penetrated
on the basis of the fact that they they
were the first to point out what the CIA
was doing the universities she said oh
by now the CIA must be penetrated and
she went on to ridicule it and generally
draw a framework of paranoia and madness
about me successfully after the program
driven by guilt she sent me a wire of
apology but the nine million people that
saw the program didn't see the wire
that girl attended the Vienna Peace
Festival the leftist festival which is
what fifty nine or something
theoretically is a Berkeley ID with a
guitar but the CIA bought her plane
ticket and I don't know whether she is
merely an informant or whether she
thinks it's a lark which is even more
dangerous or that it's all funny but it
isn't it isn't funny to the bodies
floating out of Cambodia certainly and
needless to say and she's a you know an
acquaintance of mine and I'd hardly call
her a friend but I'm amazed there have
been many many such experiences on the
network when I have talked to people as
I have gone after the facts and I've
tried to take advantage of a little bit
of time to inform the audience the
people have fallen away around me if not
physically they've become silent they
haven't answered me in other words I
took as almost a guideline I would say
no I won't come on and keep saying Jim
Garrison every show I'll only come on if
I have new information and I did have
new information and nobody would answer
me so they just don't worry so they're
the way that they don't put you down
just not through yet not too reactive
and I'm terribly I'm terribly upset by
the the fact that no one debates no-one
admonishes me if they don't believe me
and this this mute reaction there's no
reaction alarms me in this country
because it again it's I don't want to
get involved I want to keep my job and
it's coming down around them and as the
man said the bomb will kill even the
indifferent the bomb is indiscriminate
garrison was the man and he's quite
correct and I think that these people
did they don't say anything they they
just sit there they don't they don't
challenge any of the reports or any of
the conclusions and they've left me out
there you know for me to go on the air
and say that the CIA is the number one
dope dealer and adventurers within the
CIA will bank the money that from the
imports from Southeast Asia and not to
get a letter to challenge it or ask for
documentation not to hear from anyone
and to know that that went out
211 television stations till 19 said
between nine and fourteen million the
silence is deafening how can that be how
can you get nothing how can you have no
reaction where are we what the hell is
this 1984 I know you know I'm alone
there must be men of counter passions
perhaps maybe not the same outside of
Dick Gregory the black community is
fascinating I think that Cosby is a
fraud he's dancing on the grave of every
black guy who wears a green beret he's
standing there and denying that the last
25 years took place stands and talks
about his family like nothing ever
happened
he's denying all of that struggle
standing there with mrs. Coretta King as
credentials uses frequent houseguest I
was in London I talked to Peter Dorne
who is the number one detective there we
have evidence that leads us to believe
that the man who was tried here is not
the man who was apprehended in London
hmm James Earl Ray said in court if the
government is believes in a conspiracy
let the government have a trial and
there's no trial bill cosby doesn't ask
her one bill cosby banks money and and
he impersonates a negro well he I'm more
black than he is where are the men where
the men are gonna save this country
where are the Americans no I know that I
risk ridicule and the people are going
to say it's a Hokie and it's flag-waving
but we have a very simple mission
although it's somewhat overwhelming and
that is to save America because we're
altruistic no because we have to live
somewhere I don't know if it's too late
from what I have seen those are the
indications but as a major Ernesto
Guevara said you know you know they're
going to kill you we'll take that as our
basic premise now let's get back on the
trail let's start marching ours the
Viennese used to say in Freud's time
situation hopeless but not serious you
mentioned Bill Cosby that made me think
of Richard Pryor well huh Richard Pryor
doesn't really do a lot of
about the war but he's certainly pretty
honest I have no place to see him oh
yeah we did a show in Los Angeles
recently for ABC called a humor the
sixties and Richard was on it and I had
laughed once I remember when he said
they tried to bait him they said you
copied the Cosby didn't you so instead
of denying it he said in his formative
years he said yes I did
but since Cosby never came up with
anything new I was a marvelous I mean if
he has a beautiful backhand he didn't
move he looked and passed him he's just
a but I've heard for many quarters which
are reputable such as yourself reputable
in my opinion in my estimate and that
you know he's on the right side that he
cares about something that he made me
think of Lenny Bruce when I saw him he's
had no place to sit and have no place
appears here pretty pretty frequent here
in town yeah he's a where does that
Mason Street blow in the showcase in
Oakland no sir the show is over it up
get over there
well I have no place to see him Sam no
access see he but he's gonna be at the
showcase next weekend that week and
after you're gone
why doesn't he well cause we make his
program available you know right if
you've ever seen him on television it's
a completely different show in the
nightclub I mean he's really much better
than the club he can say what he wants
to say he doesn't have to worry about
the offensive 4 6 10 and 12 bitter words
what is his outlook would you say well a
lot of people I you know think he's
terribly negative and just hostile yeah
sort of it it's true yeah but in other
words it's beautifully it's a true
picture it's not cosby standing there
saying i love you all and you know he
doesn't he doesn't Cosby went into his
office some months ago in Los Angeles
and fired all the white people which I
failed to see as a sign of progress you
know that's insanity
but you know to alternate the oppressor
it's finally an advance but yeah well
prior it prior is really reflecting a
contemporary even the attitude honestly
well I can't say that about too many
performers can you that's it you know I
think that's what I have against all of
them that's why I think that Johnny
Carson
and Bob Hope and Frank Sinatra those
people are prevalent and Streisand are
completely out of touch with America
just out of touch as Sir Richard Nixon
is absolutely so when they tell you they
rule you it's like they're we should
find that an anti that antithesis
another term for the overground
which has we always talk about the other
ground we're the top layer of the earth
they don't exist
is there any Barbra Streisand's says
she's 26 so we'll take her there word is
there anybody in her generation that
she's in touch with you know I see them
everywhere I either see them I either
see them at the pleasure faire or I see
them I see them by getting a haircut and
they're putting on a tie and going into
Washington and talking to legislators
and worrying about being blown up but I
see them I like her what is she doing I
mean singing lyrics that are completely
neutral I mean they're not just in the
middle there there's a neutrality there
of a vanilla and Sinatra Sinatra is
merely an intimidated man who poses as a
rebel he's not a rebel he what he poses
as socially maladaptive he isn't not at
all as a matter of fact they a more
insane this atmosphere becomes the more
he fits in he's perfect the Carson isn't
really the principal member the Gestapo
he he is instructed he is an employee
and he is not a marshmallow some guys
near marshmallows he is not his handling
of garrison and the people he chooses to
put on the air and off the air and his
handling of political issues show very
much where he stands the fact that he
thinks Peter Fonda he talks to Peter
Fonda as if he's Jerry Rubin which will
give you an idea and Jerry Rubin is
almost a dated term things are moving
rapidly I mean the whole life first of
all all idea of leadership begins to
worry me when I say a B and Jerry are
influences that's even insane you know
but I sure hope those young people don't
get lost it
and the revolution doesn't get lost in
drugs voya hopes but to get back to the
entertainers I think that their failure
there are they're not relevant to use
that cliche they really aren't I mean
they don't I can't if you were hired The
Smothers Brothers were put off
television for what
they were doing here it's laughable is
and that's what I see what was in TV
Guide this week dick smothers saying
that they're told you go buddy to cool
it I was on their last show because you
know the last show did not appear so I
was literally on my show my monologue
was edited by them yeah I remember us
that it wasn't edited by the network was
edited by them and nobody from Network
called him and told him to edit it but
they don't have to be told yeah that's
that I saw a producer in Los Angeles
recently and he said to me I'm going to
Washington I've got a political script
and I'm going there to get clearance and
upon further discussion
I found that no one from Washington know
he's writing anything and no one had
called him he was voluntarily mr. keppen
condition pretty damn well
that's why there are so many unconscious
members of the conspiracy how many
members of the press wrote negatively
about garrison because they know that
that's the trend it has nothing to do
with anything else's it's that American
bandwagon op stock market opportunism
the Brother brokers approach in other
words guys who had come to me this isn't
generally known a very influential
producer came to me because I had access
to garrison did the ocean picture on
garrison that he knew young people would
go to see he said there's he got a
chance of winning this case when he lost
the case that producer said to me is
convinced that Shaw is an innocent man
who was wronged now both of those were
extreme attitudes for a man who didn't
read any of the testimony you know I
brought the testimony back from New
Orleans and I made the initial stuff
because you know it's really for
luminous available for the Los Angeles
Free Press and I asked you what kind of
a country do we live in when the only
copies of the testimony of a pathologist
to admits he didn't give the president
an autopsy but swore under oath that he
did
and when a pathologist from the United
States Army says the Warren Report is
really impossible it's fraudulent it's
analysis and the only availability that
is in the Los Angeles Free Press and is
delivered by hand by a nightclub
comedian and is no other report of it
what can the other members of the press
be or all of them bought I doubt it but
they know which side of the bread is dry
and which side is buttered they know
what's expected of them by now I really
do think that they're programmed and I
often they wait for someone else to
break the story and then jump on it hmm
in the case of Paul Krassner in the
realist with a Kennedy marriage story
for one way back to you a great recall
krasna this wait for some little yeah
this quote disreputable unquote paper to
print something that's true do a stamp
and do anything this stampede no they
didn't jump on it this time
and ironically enough mark Lane said in
a book all the citizens dissent he said
that in another time instead of being
fired I would have won a Pulitzer Prize
it's interesting Merriman Smith who
recently killed himself won a Pulitzer
Prize for reporting the assassination he
reports it and that he was riding under
the underpass when he heard the shots
that killed our young president which is
interesting since he was two cars behind
Kennedy and Kennedy never reached the
underpass he was killed well ahead of it
and possibly from it so that man was
given a fuel at surprise now that
distortion and that perversion of our
values that madness of leaking
information and of the intelligence
community running a hog wild with a
blank check of course you know no voice
is wholly lost it's still Jefferson's
America he structured it pretty damn
well because while it's wobbling and
it's creaking it's still here I'm I
really do believe that if a few young
people in a very few countries that
would be like this if a few young people
hadn't gotten their heads opened in
Chicago and a bill Fulbright hadn't kept
yelling I think we'd be in a mainland
that China now I have no doubt based on
what I've seen and what I know because
we're talking when we say CIA we're not
talking about show
connery an attractive people in
international intrigue we're talking
about mutual funds in Switzerland and
we're talking abut who is the drones the
CIA it's not something that Richard
Helenus isn't it's the warfare States
just it's the war of course not overtly
he does civilian but there are certain
people in the government who have an
annuity as a result of what they know
and as a result of their complicity in
the president's death in other words the
last guy we had who raised an objection
for our side the human side in America
was killed for his pains in a sense Jack
Kennedy the greatest compliment that
paid him was the attention they paid him
when they decided to eliminate him but
the the you know we're talking about
patrice lumumba we're talking about
shooting people in the street we're
talking about an assassination Bureau
and we're talking about the warfare
state you know people make the mistake
the Liberals out here say to me well you
move to New Orleans you see how could
you live in the south it's racist well I
think that the military - police type of
mentality is anywhere that a factory
owns a city I think it's in Los Angeles
where Lockheed owns the city
I think Boeing on Seattle I think that
this country is colonized are you
familiar with a book called Pentagon ISM
by Juan Bosch familiar I like to the
extent that I've heard of it it's the
growth press it's a small volume I
encourage everybody who can to get it
it'll only take an hour to read and it's
a very concise history of what they did
to us and what they're attempting to
impose upon us and we're fighting back
feebly because some of us think that
it's worth it and then he says we're the
colonized people he says they're not not
the other countries and we will continue
to because they got to keep crises going
it's the warfare state which he coined
the term antagonism yeah I guess if read
cookbook the thing I'm guessing Thursday
if you use this he did the warfare state
and a few liberals have talked about the
military-industrial complex which I
treat and I think
it's one of the people who put his
finger Mellisa ironic isn't it funny
that was an Arthur Larson speech by the
way oh yeah I love the fact that we have
no liberal who brought it out
i little czar continually quoting
eisenhower and they become reverent when
they introduced that of course my
eisenhower because he served that
purpose yes he pointed out that danger
liberals protect themselves in reality
usually you'll note when you're in their
company that they talk about it in the
future tense that it could emerge well
of course it's emerged and evenness it's
over wellness its garrison said to me
once you know he showed me some pictures
of kick kennedy yeah and which figured
in our investigation alone won't go into
that in detail and he said to me he said
i wants to talk to a yeah a woman there
who works in one of the cafeterias she
gets a thousand a month just on the line
serving orange juice and he said
somebody asked him how they thought he
thought the trial would go he said do
you really think they're going to let me
put it into all that little may stop all
that it's really that's really true it
it is quite overwhelming and to think
that any president elected by the people
is going to go to general the wheeler or
Admiral Moore or Richard Helms or J
Edgar Hoover and tell them to get out
the only one I noticed was gene McCarthy
who who said it would fire Hoover and by
the way I was on the Joey Bishop show
and I said on that show but for all
these things are said just the heel
all the things that are said that are
lost I said that if McCarthy was elected
and he did that he would need a
bodyguard of a thousand men or he'll be
assassinated I also said that if Bob
Kennedy wins the California primary he's
our next president and he will die at a
gunman's hand now all that came out of
that is that a reporter said the next
day in a paper that I should be
blacklisted by the network's I shouldn't
be allowed on to say things like that
and I think that's that's unique in
American history that a member of the
press would ask that a blacklist be
instituted I've never heard of that
before but in my case of course
exceptions are generally made remarkable
remarkable my phone doesn't ring in
Beverly Hills nobody says to me where
did you get that what does it mean and
even for those who've estimated that I'm
a dead man I've been a long time dying
about eight years now and that's the
slowest death since said Jimmy Cagney
and g-men Warner Brothers 1931 how are
the how are they the young people gonna
save the country
first thing they got to do is they've
got to preserve their state of mind they
gotta be kept from being driven mad
being driven mad is the paranoia that
happened to your parents
communism communism they did that to us
therefore we can burn up their village
in order to make you Nazis which is not
your heritage they've got to make you
crazy first which is what the Germans
did to youth even taking a bold step so
far they've built an army but you don't
want to be in it it's the first flaw
here this is a very bad country to try
to turn into a fascist nation in that
sense is the German kids at least like
the March American kids don't seem any
any predilection to our being in the
service that's a good sign
so you gotta preserve your state of mind
not go nuts then the second thing the
second thing that happens is got to keep
yourself well informed and you can't
audition the truth when someone comes to
you and says the president was murdered
by the military you can't say what you I
can't accept that you have to accept the
evidence before you and you have to do
something about it don't know people
warned you
after all I first started blowing the
whistle there were alternatives and
today there are none they killed all the
alternatives that's the thing that well
maybe it didn't happen if Kennedy's
assassination but the next assassination
when people come up and say after incest
well they killed a man but they didn't
kill the idea yeah that's a bunch of
fools of course it is men are are really
quite important well you know it was yes
it's you know when we talk about the
Constitution that the president was
President Nixon had the right to wage
war what about a research amendment I'm
afraid that even Tom Jefferson and I
thought an awful lot of him could not
write in could not write a constitution
with built-in safeguards because it's
the man not the form yes Adlai Stevenson
would not do that to you maybe he would
who knows but Richard Nixon and Lyndon
Johnson would the the I think that the
reason you have not heard from gene
McCarthy lately is that
he didn't believe that that can of worms
was so deadly and when he opened and
looked at it he went into shock that
they had advanced this much into
American life permeated every branch
Central Intelligence Agency is in every
major religious group it's in a major
Police Department's it's in the youth
groups it's it's in the publication's
it's at the wire services it's the
television networks and they are the
minions
of the Pentagon and to you know the
remarkable the remarkable part of this
is that yeah the certain things would
have to happen you've got they've got to
go out and they've got to what they're
gonna have to do is they're gonna have
to get a man they believe they're gonna
have to elect him and then they're gonna
have to get a thousand man body guard
around them and they're gonna have to
stand in front of the Central
Intelligence Agency and tell everybody
in there to come out with his hands up
and burn the building to the ground and
then they're gonna have to have trials
and I think that what they should do is
that they should try every member the
Warren Commission as an accessory after
the fact I think they should take sirhan
out of jail find out if he was program
find out who sent him in other words a
real trial not a cover-up not a
whitewash if those people who are so
fond of law and order I can give them
some good examples I worked on a police
department for three and a half years in
New Orleans and I didn't speculate this
so I have an engineering material I
don't want to hear any more about
Young's young men with no permanent
address and no allies whose mothers
didn't love them who decided to kill
peace candidates and that's what Martin
Luther King was it wasn't just a black
leader for civil rights he was against
the war and he could have stopped the
black people from going which is what
his aim and that's why he was killed he
was and I said that unequivocally he the
preponderance of bodies over there are
black that is that they have a
disproportionate contribution that
they've made and I think that I like to
say in finality here since I'm the
opportunity I'd like to see the people
who killed Jack Kennedy the killers of
the dream and Bob Kennedy and Martin
Luther King who are the same people and
that can be proved I would like to see
them hanged and then I'd like to see
capital punishment abolished in the
United
and I'd like my kids that grow up in
school and learn from their civics
teacher the last people executed in
America were the people who tried to
kill the men of peace thank you very
much more song
you